Add config to enable notify_push reverse proxy (#2490)
nextcloud-snap/nextcloud-snap: README.md

    $ sudo snap set nextcloud http.compression=false

#### Reverse Proxy for Files High Performance Backeend

> This option simply enables the reverse proxy configuration mentoined in [Client Push Readme](https://github.com/nextcloud/notify_push#apache) that is required to setup the `notify_push` componente. Read more [at our wiki](https://github.com/nextcloud-snap/nextcloud-snap/wiki/FAQ's#q-how-to-install-files-hpb-client-push)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option simply enables the reverse proxy configuration mentioned in [Client Push Readme](https://github.com/nextcloud/notify_push#apache) that is required to setup the `notify_push` component. Read more [at our wiki](https://github.com/nextcloud-snap/nextcloud-snap/wiki/FAQ's#q-how-to-install-files-hpb-client-push)!
```

By default, the snap does not enable the reverse proxy for notify_push. To enable it, run:

    $ sudo snap set nextcloud http.notify-push-reverse-proxy=true

To disable it, run:

    $ sudo snap set nextcloud http.notify-push-reverse-proxy=false

> Note: You still need to setup `notify_push` yourself. This option only enables the reverse proxy, as the apache configuration is read-only.

Reviewer: No, it's more complicated than that: https://github.com/nextcloud-snap/nextcloud-snap/wiki/Configure-HPB-client-push-for-Nextcloud-snap
This config that @Pilzinsel64 created "only" allows for it to work though HTTPS, as we couldn't really think of a way to automate the other steps
